tasks

1. PUBLICPAGE
	DONE a. display login
	DONE b. display random interests
	DONE c. display events within 3 days //time not that important
2. LOGIN
	DONE a. password md5 hash
	DONE b. display if unsuccessful
	DONE c. if successful link to homepage
3. HOMEPAGE
	a. Error message if the previous action was not successful,
	b. Some mechanism for the user to choose the use case she wants to execute.
	   You may choose to provide links to other URLS that will present the
	interfaces for other use cases, or you may include those interfaces directly
	on the home page.
	c. Any other information you’d like to include. For example, you might want to
	include groups the user belongs to, events she’s signed up for, etc. on the
	home page, or you may prefer to just show them when she does some of
	the following use cases.

CASES

DONE 4. View My Upcoming Events: Provide various ways for the user to see upcoming
events for which she has signed up. The default should be showing events for the
current day and the next three days. 

***Optionally you may include a way for the
user to specify a range of dates, limit the display to events sponsored by
particular groups, etc. In each case, the display should include the event_id, title, start_time, location_name, zipcode, and the name of sponsoring group.

DONE 5. Sign up for an event: User chooses an event and signs up for the event. You may
find it easier to implement this along with a use case to search for events. If the user has previously signed up for the event no additional action is needed (but FindFolks should not crash).

6. Search for events of interest: ​Shows info (event_id, title, etc.) about upcoming events sponsored by groups that share an interest with this user. Optionally, youmay limit the date range and/or provide other ways for the user to search forevents that they might wish to attend. You might want to combine this with otherrelated use cases.

7. Create an event​: If the user is authorized to do so, he or she creates a new
event for a group, providing all the needed data, via forms. The application should prevent unauthorized users from doing this action.

8. Rate an event​ that the user has signed up for and that has already take place.
	a. Ratings are between 0 and 5 stars
	b. Ratings cannot be done before the event starts
	c. If a user tries to rate an event that they didn’t sign up for or that didn’t already start FindFolks should display an error message.

9. See average ratings of all events (during last three days or, optionally, some
specified date range) that were sponsored by groups to which this member
belongs.

10. See friends’ events: Displays a list of upcoming events for which any of the
member’s friends are signed up. (Here, the current user X’s friends are people Y
such that there is a tuple (friend_of, friend_to) = (X, Y) are in the friends
relationship, i.e. people who have “friended” X.

11.Logout: The session is destroyed and a “goodbye” page or the login page is
displayed

EXTRAS

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.
